# Universal Religion  ( Draft 0.1 )

## Issues with current religions

There is a problem with existing popular religions. Most are not updated on quarter, annual basis.

There is a need of a new religion where beliefs are revised constantly every year.

## Beliefs

We are all universal machines capable of creating new universal machines.

We run on blood instead of electricity.

Universal super power (USP) controls all the creations.

## Ceremonies
None (as of now)

The marriage is called Unified ceremony. X unified Y.

## Rituals
None (as of now)

## Why do we need a new universal naming registry ?

In most existing religions, name of god is popularly used.

## Universal : Name registry
The name (both first name and last name) for Univeral will be generated by computer software to bring uniqueness.

It could also be the favourite vegetable, color, flower, animal etc of husband and wife.

We can also use five elements of nature like earth, fire, sky, water, air. Also any adjective that we can use.

like Red Chilly, Pink Panther, White Tiger etc.

Like Cool Air, Blue Earth, Hot Fire.

or Metal that ...

Sparkling Gold, Super Silver

The name of place, god, lord should be avoided.

This should be done before getting a birth certificate from state authorities.

## Universal : Enter / Exit 
It is a merit based system.

You are not born into this faith but can gain an entry into it.

Define a right age for entry and a strict criteria (something similar to US visa system).

You can be thrown out of this system similar to exile.

Your name and address details will appear in public registry. 

Your universal id will be linked to passport and social security number.

## Univeral Book of Fath
It is like an oxford dictionary that is revised every year.

The rules and regulation should keep changing.

It has to be reperesented by a head at world level, country level, state level, district level, tehsil level, village level, locality level (each pin code). India itself has roughly 20K pin codes.

All these will be honorary position for a fixed tenure of 4 years.

You can be in the lead position only from age of x (minimum age for recruitment in govt department) to y (supper annuation age for govt servant).

## Universal Income : through donation
10% of money earned every month should be donated to books of Universal.

## Universal Support
Provide health plan, term plan and annuity pension plan for its members.

## Caste system

It is a casteless society. There is only one caste in Universal religion and it is called Unifier. 
It is to easily identify folks of similar faith like jain.





